feat: add LiteFS example for Flipt in the examples directory (#2297)
flipt-io/flipt: examples/database/litefs/README.md

# LiteFS

LiteFS is a distributed file system that replicates SQLite databases to other nodes at the file system level. It works by using [FUSE](https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/next/filesystems/fuse.html) to detect writes to the file system and determines how and if those should be replicated.

This example will demonstrate how to run Flipt over LiteFS.

## Requirements

- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
- [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)

## Running the Example

1. Run `docker-compose up` from this directory
1. Open the Flipt UI (default: [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080))

> 

Reviewer: is there any way the user could see that the data is getting replicated? like we have in the libsql example? https://github.com/flipt-io/flipt/tree/main/examples/database/libsql

i realize we are routing the writes and reads to different instances, but its not evident when you load the ui. j/w

Author: @markphelps Great question. I could expose both instances, but just didn't want users to accidentally try to write on the replica instance (you would get an error).

I could just make that clear in the docs though, will do that.

## Details

`docker compose` will spin up two instances of Flipt with embedded SQLite databases. On top of these instances is an nginx proxy that will forward "write" requests, anything but `GET`, to the primary. `GET` requests will be served from the instance's embedded SQLite database.

> LiteFS talks about following this [caveat](https://fly.io/docs/litefs/proxy/#how-it-works) in order for it to work properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LiteFS describes a few [caveats](https://fly.io/docs/litefs/proxy/#how-it-works) that must be kept in mind.
```
